The biggest room in the world is room for improvement.
There's power in looking silly and not caring that you do.
In times of change, learners inherit the earth, while the learned find themselves beautifully equipped to deal with a world that no longer exists.
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you are right.
If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning.
The one thing that you have that nobody else has is you. Your voice, your mind, your story, your vision. So write and draw and build and play and dance and live as only you can.
You can't blame gravity for falling in love.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it.
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.
You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims.
Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you.
He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still.
Truth is powerful and it prevails.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
Don't talk about what you have done or what you are going to do.
The things that one most wants to do are the things that are probably most worth doing.
Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men.
With age comes wisdom and a high sex drive. And the wisdom to enjoy it.
Make it your habit not to be critical about small things.
Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom.
When a thing is done, it's done. Don't look back. Look forward to your next objective.
There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no friendship without self-interests. This is a bitter truth.
Two persons cannot long be friends if they cannot forgive each other's little failings.
Friendship, like credit, is highest when it is not used.
Friendship increases in visiting friends, but in visiting them seldom.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
A man who doesn't trust himself can never really trust anyone else.
Be here now. Be someplace else later. Is that so complicated?
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them.
Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live.
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.
Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you won't do anything with it.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed. It is the only thing that ever has.
Nothing will work unless you do.
Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.
Thought is the blossom; language the bud; action the fruit behind it.
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours.
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
Wisdom ceases to be wisdom when it becomes too proud to weep, too grave to laugh, and too selfish to seek other than itself.
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.
The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.
Mistakes are the usual bridge between inexperience and wisdom.
Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking.
Life is the only real counselor; wisdom unfiltered through personal experience does not become a part of the moral tissue.
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.
Friendship is a very taxing and arduous form of leisure activity.
Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing.
If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it.
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
A jug fills drop by drop.
Your body is precious. It is our vehicle for awakening. Treat it with care.
If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
What worries you masters you.
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.
Love cures people - both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
The beginning is always today.
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities.
Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom.
I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than you and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world.
The hours of folly are measured by the clock; but of wisdom, no clock can measure.
Of all the things which wisdom provides to make us entirely happy, much the greatest is the possession of friendship.
If you have the guts to keep making mistakes, your wisdom and intelligence leap forward with huge momentum.
We all grow up. Hopefully, we get wiser. Age brings wisdom, and fatherhood changes one's life completely.
When an opponent comes forward, move in and greet him; if he wants to pull back, send him on his way.
Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway.
A friend is, as it were, a second self.
Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.
Study the past, if you would divine the future.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
With the realization of one's own potential and self-confidence in one's ability, one can build a better world.
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success.
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.
Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
That's the risk you take if you change: that people you've been involved with won't like the new you. But other people who do will come along.
I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but simply moving on with dignity despite that fear.
Love is a serious mental disease.
Our distrust is very expensive.
To bring anything into your life, imagine that it's already there.
The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds.
The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.
We live in a society bloated with data yet starved for wisdom. We're connected 24/7, yet anxiety, fear, depression and loneliness are at an all-time high. We must course-correct.
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important.
The day of fortune is like a harvest day, we must be busy when the corn is ripe.
The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common.
He who is taught to live upon little owes more to his father's wisdom than he who has a great deal left him does to his father's care.
The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it.
The friendship that can cease has never been real.
One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility.
We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine.
There is no failure except in no longer trying.
We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life.
There is no greater harm than that of time wasted.
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes.
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.
If facts are the seeds that later produce knowledge and wisdom, then the emotions and the impressions of the senses are the fertile soil in which the seeds must grow.
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.
Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing.
Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
A tree is known by its fruit; a man by his deeds. A good deed is never lost; he who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love.
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
We respect our elders. There is wisdom that comes from experience, and I am not going to stop learning from wise counsel.
Not engaging in ignorance is wisdom.
Wisdom has its root in goodness, not goodness its root in wisdom.
There is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends. That magnet is unselfishness, thinking of others first; when you learn to live for others, they will live for you.
A true friend is the greatest of all blessings, and that which we take the least care of all to acquire.
You can always tell a real friend: when you've made a fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job.
Friendship is one of our most treasured relationships, but it isn't codified and celebrated; it's never going to give you a party.
A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of.
When you see a good person, think of becoming like him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points.
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life.
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is.
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dream, and endeavors to live the life which he had imagines, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
I care not so much what I am to others as what I am to myself. I will be rich by myself, and not by borrowing.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
One's philosophy is not best expressed in words; it is expressed in the choices one makes... and the choices we make are ultimately our responsibility.
It is the neglect of timely repair that makes rebuilding necessary.
Use what talents you possess; the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best.
In complete darkness we are all the same, it is only our knowledge and wisdom that separates us, don't let your eyes deceive you.
If you want to go east, don't go west.
Ignorance and bungling with love are better than wisdom and skill without.
Computers are like bikinis. They save people a lot of guesswork.
Every friendship is different because everyone's personality is different.
The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing... not healing, not curing... that is a friend who cares.
It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune.
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.
